[Music]
you're going on a journey
all you have to do is follow my voice
[Music]
so this is the famous suicide squad
antonio soprano
welcome to the space jam
venus and serena go shake up this world
the streets were made of music
shh just listen uh
[Applause]
[Music]
how can we help it's an invitation
to mortal kombat it's the little things
jimmy
no one likes to show off unless they're
showing off as dope as
[Music]
in theaters and on hbo max
all right guys remember what we're
looking for and don't
trust anyone
hey baby where are your parents
hey uh who's baby
really a con baby
[Applause]
impressive we could use someone like you
let's catch you up my name is raya
our lands have been at war for as long
as we can remember
our people never see eye to eye
my daughter i believe our people can
come together again
but someone has to take the first step
now in order to restore peace
we must find the last dragon i wish to
join this fellowship of butt
hickory let's go
we'll have to watch our backs
we're not the only ones looking
[Music]
six years of searching please
let this be it
who said that we really need your help
ah i'm gonna be real with you
i'm not like the best dragon have you
ever done like a group project but
there's like that one kid who didn't
pitch in as much but still ended up with
the same grave
uh we're doomed
you and the dragon are coming with me
hmm my sword here says we're not
the world's broken
you can't trust anyone
maybe it's broken because you don't
trust anyone
you just have to take the first step
i just shave changed dragons can do that
look how close my butt is to my head
it's gonna make digestion so much faster
in theaters or ordered on disney plus
with premiere access
march 5th
there is no greater scourge facing
america from within
the president takes the opioid crisis
very seriously
the kid got snagged at the border the
courier
took a year of undercover work to get
this far maybe it's dangerous to press a
big sale now
yeah but what choice do we have
our product will be the first truly
non-addictive painkiller
what the hell is going on all the
addiction centers are lighting up and
then by day 10
they're dead
[Music]
i'm looking for my son were you aware of
any issues
with your son like what
based on your results you want
northlight to pull their billion-dollar
drug
it can cost you a hell of a lot more
than your teaching job
you've got to have a plan a plan for
telling the truth
careful should this kid get an itch to
name names
that would be unpleasant for everyone
what they're gonna come after you but
what you're doing now
may be the most important thing you ever
do
you had my son run drugs for you
this is the biggest public health crisis
since tobacco it's not our
responsibility then whose is
it you cannot walk into that by alone
we can't quit we can't stop
what do you think we're here to do to
make a difference
we can touch you anywhere in the world
we're running out of time
last chance
you've been using 10 years why'd you
[Applause]
start
i'm wood i work in treatment
this could be a fresh start for us
[Music]
let's go
don't worry you're not in trouble it's
not easy to ask for help
that's why it is the greatest privilege
in my life
to help you change yours we are a family
i'm gonna let you in on a little secret
since 2008 every health care provider
needs to cover substance abuse treatment
this is what we in the treatment
industry call a gold rush
so how much are they paying you
tina bonafide first timer he's not
making a dollar
hey man how can i get in utah
welcome to the team
hello this is the addiction services
center
what is this is the american dream
they go to treatment you get the kick
back and then they get a piece that's it
it's capitalism baby a lot of what i do
is not pretty
these people they're gonna get high
regardless
sobriety is a long slow process utah
some are lucky enough to make it almost
hard
hey utah you're gonna give me my money
well i have never seen anyone look so
miserable counting money
there's not a lot of people that make
something of themselves
[Music]
how do you feel yeah we have a winner
we're partners man we trust you
[Music]
that's great i'm gonna place you on a
breeze made nine grand in two minutes
god is great
[Music]
sounds like work no tell him i'm in my
chair
yes he's just walked in this is
unexpected
i can't believe i'm actually having
lunch with spies
i'm just a salesman exactly you're
civilians the kgb won't be watching
it would be a real service to great
britain
what would you want me to do
i'm here to open a door to the
top manufacturers in the west
will i be putting myself in danger if
this mission was the least bit dangerous
you really are the last man we'd send
make sure you wear it while you're in
moscow
what does this do shoot poison dart
everyone you meet assume their kgb
every russian is an eye of the state
you'll just be a courier just a korean
for russian seat
from now on you will be selling one
thing
the idea that you are an ordinary
businessman and
nothing more than an ordinary
businessman
the weapons of war must be abolished
before they abolish us
i'm asking you to stop going to moscow i
am asking you as your wife
i didn't want you to be involved
if things were the other way around
ankovsky would abandon you he would
never
leave me to die and i'm not leaving him
i'm volunteering to bring back the best
source of social intelligence you've got
at a time where russia and america are
on the brink of nuclear war
[Applause]
maybe we're only two people
but this is how things change
[Music]
i love my life i love you so
much gary i'll never forget the day we
met
hello little snail what's your name gary
huh do you want to be friends
me too gary
i'm home gary gare bear
gary gary have you seen gary no
nope nope gary's been snail mapped
get ready for the ultimate rescue
mission
in the all-new spongebob movie this is
gonna be like
one of those bloody movies
with aquafina you're fired danny trejo
snoop dogg you're surprised by tiffany
haddish seriously
i'm floundering up here and keanu reeves
call me sage
i'm made out of sage and i am a sage so
it works out pretty well
see how the gang all met
[Music]
little dude and experience spongebob's
biggest adventure ever
ew
sorry saves fam patrick what are you
doing
free food
[Applause]
the all new spongebob movie sponge on
the run premiering march 4th rented from
these digital stores
also streaming on paramount plus
why do you keep closing your laptop
every time i walk by
you look stressed
[Music]
the work's been uh crazy
i've always wanted to change the world
how
amazon is for drugs
but you can't buy drugs on the internet
what if you could
using bitcoin i just made 75 grand
in the last 90 minutes babe that's 1.2
million
a day
guy's the first millennial gangster
you're gonna crack this the
old-fashioned way asian potent
everything they know they learned off
the screen
not staring down the barrel of a gun
experience matters oh
when you snatch them up send me a fax
the dark net something special came in
the mail
game is changing it's gonna be every
suburb in america
this website needs to be shut down
immediately
i'm the one's gonna bring this brick
down
[Music]
you crossed this line
ain't no going back you're getting
obsessive
we get him on conspiracy to commit
murder
checkmate come on hold your breath
what do you do with my money
this thing is going to outlive all of us
project 3 3 there is a body on the floor
on the second level we need av asap
there was a second intruder by the time
he arrived he was gone
so we believe the husband came in after
the initial breaking as you
the man who shot you did you happen to
get a look at his face
he was wearing a mask you still haven't
found them yet have you
we're doing everything we can it's been
over a month
up until now the only witness we've had
is your wife
she won't talk have you spoken to her
i've tried
she looked at me like i was a monster
like she didn't know who i was
your wife may very well be her best shot
at finally
the longer she doesn't talk the longer
he's out there
that's him
this case has been running whatever she
went through she's still
going through it it's still fresh in her
mind maybe
if you were home none of it would have
happened but i never made you stay
how are we going to go back to the way
things work i can't live like this
one greedy forever going to get caught
it's amazing how quickly your whole
world can come crumbling down around you
what are we gonna do we've done terrible
things
you